Add Conformance Tests to KEP requirements (#2146)
kubernetes/enhancements: keps/NNNN-kep-template/README.md

- [ ] (R) Enhancement issue in release milestone, which links to KEP dir in [kubernetes/enhancements] (not the initial KEP PR)
- [ ] (R) KEP approvers have approved the KEP status as `implementable`
- [ ] (R) Design details are appropriately documented

>   - [ ] (R) Include API Operation exposed per stage (alpha/beta/GA) in kep.yaml

Reviewer: Thanks, can you pull this line too

- [ ] (R) KEP approvers have approved the KEP status as `implementable`
- [ ] (R) Design details are appropriately documented
- [ ] (R) Test plan is in place, giving consideration to SIG Architecture and SIG Testing input

>   - [ ] e2e Tests for all new Endpoints

Reviewer 2: Can we be more explicit about what we mean by `Endpoints` and what specifically is required here?

Author: I expanded this out a bit, and also updated the underlying metadata to be explicit about API endpoints that are part of the KEP:

https://github.com/kubernetes/enhancements/pull/2146/files#diff-56771f8d4989d3c6f35d326519113795505560c5e277b61b667c96ab09e4067dR35-R45

Author: https://github.com/kubernetes/enhancements/pull/2146/files#r535576335

```yaml
# The openAPI operations to expose in api/open-apispec/swagger.json
 apis:
   - stage: alpha
     operations:
       - useThisFeatureAlphaV1
   - stage: beta
     operations:
       - useThisFeatureBetaV1
   - stage: stable
     operations:
       - useThisFeatureV1
```

Reviewer: I am concerned that listing endpoints will be relatively burdensome for KEP authors, without providing a huge value to anyone outside of the conformance team.

Author: Removed https://github.com/ii/keps/commit/20b93a540e6f767d81d845ca053effb912ab267e

- [ ] (R) Graduation criteria is in place

>   - [ ] (R) [Conformance Tests](https://github.com/kubernetes/community/blob/master/contributors/devel/sig-architecture/conformance-tests.md) for new GA Endpoints prior to Release

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
  - [ ] (R) [Conformance Tests](https://git.k8s.io/community/contributors/devel/sig-architecture/conformance-tests.md) for new GA Endpoints prior to Release
```

Author: Fixed!
